📖Add info about usage of kubectl vc exec (#174)
kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api-provider-nested: virtualcluster/doc/demo.md

  PID  PPID USER     STAT   VSZ %VSZ CPU %CPU COMMAND
```

> ## (Optional) use `kubectl vc exec` to enter cluster context and regenerate kubeconfig for paticular virtualcluster

Reviewer: missed one more thing, thank you!

```suggestion
## (Optional) use `kubectl vc exec` to enter cluster context and regenerate kubeconfig for particular virtualcluster
```

Author: done :)

> You can use `kubectl vc exec` to operator on desired cluster, for example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use `kubectl vc exec` to operate on desired virtualcluster, for example:
```

```bash
$ kubectl vc exec vc-sample-1
kubeconfig for virtualcluster default/vc-sample-1 is placed at:

        /home/cloudusr/.kube/vc/default-b9bf25-vc-sample-1.kubeconfig

❗ You are now at VirtualCluster default/vc-sample-1
❗ use regular kubectl commands to operate vc in this temporary workspace
❗ type 'exit' to exit
```

Then you can see the pods in that cluster (this example we have a `test-deploy-5f4bcd8c-4nfxg` pod):
```bash
# kubectl get pods
NAME                         READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
test-deploy-5f4bcd8c-4nfxg   1/1     Running   0          42h
```

> Also, the kubeconfig is generated at `/home/cloudusr/.kube/vc/` with name `<namespace>-<cluster name>.kubeconfig`, in our example, it'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also, the kubeconfig is generated and stored at `~/.kube/vc/` with name `<namespace>-<cluster name>.kubeconfig`, in our example, it's
```

>  `/home/cloudusr/.kube/vc/default-b9bf25-vc-sample-1.kubeconfig`, you can use it if the original kubeconfig is lost.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 `~/.kube/vc/default-b9bf25-vc-sample-1.kubeconfig`, you can use it if the original kubeconfig is lost.
```
